{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Xavier Valcarce\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 \u160? {\cf1 [image: markdown/site.svg]\cf0} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://valcarce.fr"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
valcarce.fr
}}}
 {\cf1 [image: markdown/git.svg]\cf0} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gitlab.com/plut0n"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
gitlab.com/plut0n
}}}
 {\cf1 [image: markdown/mail.svg]\cf0} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:xavier.valcarce@unibas.ch"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
xavier.valcarce _at_ unibas.ch
}}}
 \u160?\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Interests\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Quantum Information Theory, Quantum Computing and Communication, Machine Learning, Numerical Analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Experiences\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Sept.\u160?2018 to present}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Research Assistant} at {\i Quantum Optics Theory Group (Nicolas Sangouard), University of Basel (Basel, Switzerland)}\line {\b Publications}:\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/pdf/1910.04606.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
What is the minimum CHSH score certifying that a state resembles the singlet?
}}}
 arXiv:1910.04606\line {\b Talks & Conferences}:\line - DPG 2019 (Freiburg, DE) - Talk given on Device-independent certification of an elementary quantum network\line - Quantum Information 2019 (Benasque, ES) - Talk given about my Master Thesis\line - 8th NCCR QSIT Winter School (Arosa, CH)\line {\b Teaching}:\line - Quantum Information Theory (FS 2019)\line - Physics 4 - Introduction to quantum information and quantum optics (SS 2019)\line - Quantum Information and Computation (FS 2018)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Apr.\u160?2018 to Sept.\u160?2018}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Master Thesis} at {\i Quantum Information Theory Group (Antonio Acin), ICFO (Barcelona, Spain)}\line Master thesis project on {\i Machine Learning for Nonlocality Detection in Multipartite System} under the supervision of Joseph Bowles, Gabriel Senno and Antonio Acin.\line {\b Publication} : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://valcarce.fr/physics/master_thesis.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
thesis available here
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Jun.\u160?2017 to Jul.\u160?2017}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Master Project} at {\i Quantum Correlations Group (Nicolas Brunner), University of Geneva, (Geneva, Switzerland)}\line Summer internship on {\i Semi-Device Independent Quantum Random Number Generator}, under the supervision of Jonatan Bohr Brask and Nicolas Brunner.\line {\b Publication} : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://valcarce.fr/physics/qrng.pdf"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
internship report available here
}}}
\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2016 to 2018}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Master in Subatomic Physics}, pass with merit Claude Bernard University, Lyon, France\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b 2013 to 2016}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bachelor in Physics}, pass with merit Claude Bernard University, Lyon, France\line {\b Erasmus+} (FS 2015), University of Oulu, Oulu, Finland\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Technical Skills and Knowledge\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Physics}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Quantum Information, Quantum Mechanics, Quantum Optics\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Particle Physics, Nuclear Physics, Standard Model \sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Programming}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Python : Optimization (SDP, LP, \u8230?), machine learning (Pytorch), numerical analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Julia : Optimization (SDP, LP, \u8230?), numerical analysis\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Mathematica\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Bash : scripting, software developpement\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab C++\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Latex, Markdown, HTML/CSS, \u8230?\sa180\sa180\par}
}
